Data tiers: migrate the coldest node attribute (#81940)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/data-management/migrate-index-allocation-filters.asciidoc

// TEST[continued]

If an index is already in the cold phase, include the cold, warm, and hot tiers.

For indices that have both the `_tier_preference` and `require.data` configured
but the `_tier_preference` is outdated (ie. the node attribute configuration
is "colder" than the configured `_tier_preference`), the migration needs to
remove the `require.data` attribute and update the `_tier_preference` to reflect
the correct tiering.

eg. For an index with the following routing configuration:
[source,JSON]
----
{
  "index.routing.allocation.require.data": "warm",
  "index.routing.allocation.include._tier_preference": "data_hot"
}
----

The routing configuration should be fixed like so:
[source,console]
----
PUT my-index/_settings
{
  "index.routing.allocation.require.data": null,
  "index.routing.allocation.include._tier_preference": "data_warm,data_hot"
}
----
// TEST[continued]

> This situation can occur in a system that defaults to data tiers when, for eg,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This situation can occur in a system that defaults to data tiers when, e.g.,
```
